#   Copyright
#
#      Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Jari Aalto
#      Copyright (C) 2003 Laurent Fousse <laurent@komite.net>
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL section to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "tility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less
#
#	To check the syntax:
#
#	    podchecker *.pod
#
#	Create manual page with command:
#
#	    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

corkscrew - Tunnel TCP connections through HTTP proxies

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  corkscrew  PROXY PROXYPORT TARGETHOST TARGETPORT [AUTH_FILE]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

corkscrew is a simple tool to tunnel TCP connections through an HTTP
proxy supporting the CONNECT method. It reads stdin and writes to std-
out during the connection, just like netcat. It can be used for
instance to connect to an SSH server running on a remote 443 port
through a strict HTTPS proxy.

=over 4

=item PROXY

The name of the host running the HTTP proxy.

=item PROXYPORT

The port on which to connect on the proxy.

=item TARGET

The host to reach through the proxy.

=item TARGETPORT

The port to connect to on the target host.

=item AUTH_ FILE

The  auth  file is made of one single line containing your username and
password in the form

    username:password

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

None.

=head1 EXAMPLES

The common usage of corkscrew is to put the following line in
~/.ssh/ssh_config:

	ProxyCommand corkscrew proxy proxyport %h %p [<path to auth_file>]

This will let the ssh connection go through the proxy with the help of
corkscrew.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

ssh_config(5)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Pat Padgett <pat@patpadgett.com>.

This manual page was written by Laurent Fousse <laurent@komite.net> for
the Debian GNU system (but may be used by others). Updated by Jari
Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>. Released under license GNU GPL version 2
or (at your option) any later version. For more information about
license, visit <http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
